this is my Lego candy machine that takes
money see cannot push it in the lever
stuck see take this rod out and then try
pushing on it see nothing happened to
snow candy in there so put it back a
dollar in quarters for quarters get it
into the coin selector and then put the
button and then there's candy I'm using
M&Ms since I ate all my skittles because
I was hungry if you want your money back
take the rod back mmm push anything you
hear that loud noise don't turn it
around in the back oh there's a hole
right there I'm just right shaped like a
place so you take the rod again push it
in and then pull it out and then there's
all four corners and then push this back
in and then just pull the lever back out
and then take the candy and then reload
it and put it in there and you'll hear
it fall
I will show you the inside just take the
dog off you take the booth pieces off
okay that's the inside of the machine
okay good so when you take the four
quarters and then put this into going
like that but then this piece I'm going
to paste this quarter didn't go in all
the weight so first gotta pull this back
all the way or else this will not work a
little Jam push Alton okay it will push
this yellow thing push this blue thing
and the yellow things attached to this
box here I was just holding the candy so
it will drop it into this pocket over
here see and then it's right there and
the rod will push the money down into a
little compartment down and then when
you turn it out the rod fit into the
hole you can see the hole right there
thanks for watching I will probably make
another video like